>> Estelle Weyl: Animation direction,
so far,
the pencil has always gone from
the left to the right, right?
We can actually say alternate, so the
first time it's gonna go across this way,
and the second time,
it's gonna go backwards.
So it goes from the 0%
mark to the 100% mark and
from the 100% mark back to the 0%
mark in terms of our key frame.
There's four values, it can be normal or
alternate, which is what we saw.
It can be only reverse, so it always
goes from the 100% mark to the 0% mark.
If you're doing a seesaw animation, this
would be good for the second person to be,
for the second person, you always
wanna start with alternate-reverse.
Starts in the backward mode,
and then goes forward.
So the first animation starts
at the 100% mark, goes to 0, and
then it goes from 0 to 100.
So we've covered a lot
of longhand properties.
We might as well use the shorthand.
So the shorthand would be animation name,
duration, delay,
timing function,
iteration count, and direction.
We don't need to put the direction
in cuz it's actually normal,
that's the default value, right?
The thing is here,
I put the draw line first.
Had my animation name been running,
>> Estelle Weyl: Or
linear, I would have had
a really big problem.
Because the first time it hits a value,
the browser hits a value that
it can understand as a value for
one of the animation properties,
that's what it will use it for.
So if I had a guy who was jogging and
I called it running,
the browser would think,
>> Estelle Weyl: The value of
the animation play state is running.
It should be five seconds.
It should be ease in, ease out.
It should last a delay of 100
milliseconds, it should go five times.
But where's the animation name?
Because it used running as the play state.
So the order does matter a little bit.
If you use a key term,
you're gonna get screwed.
So realize when you mess up and
your animation isn't working,
that you might have used some key word for
an animation.
So what's nice about this is
I can actually click these
now with an animation and stop it.
Cuz I've just changed the class.
I basically changed the class and
then made the animation go.
And then when I click it,
it goes in the reverse direction.
I changed the class from flipped
to unflipped, and that's it.
>> Estelle Weyl: Okay, so,
the most complex part for
people to understand is
the animation-fill-mode.
Well, it's either
the animation-timing-function or
the animation-fill-mode.
So the animation-fill-mode is what you
do during the time that the animation
delay expires and what you do
after you've hit the 100% mark or
the 0% mark, depending on the direction.
After your last animations happen, after
your animation ends, what just happens?
So none means just go back to the default
as if the animation wasn't attached.
Backwards means during the animation
delay, keep it at the 0% mark.
Wherever you're gonna start your
animation, bring it all the way there.
If you're doing reverse,
it would go to the 100% mark.
Forwards means wherever that
animation ended, stop there and
keep that good looking look, right?
And both means do both forwards and
backwards.
So here, I have these four boxes.
And I have changed the colors
because I did a global search and
replace on my document cuz I'm an idiot.
And so it's gonna go from
blue to dark blue, I guess.
And the animation-fill-mode,
the first one's gonna be none,
the second one is forwards, the third
is backwards, and the fourth is both.
So the reason that the third one and
the fourth one are both already
100% of 200 pixels from the left
is because they're saying
the 0% keyframe says 200 pixels from
the left, and it should be blue.
So it's picking up the blue, right?
Does that make sense to people?
Whereas the one where it says
animation-fill-mode none and
animation-fill-mode forwards,
it's not doing anything before
the animation delay expires.
So I have to click somewhere.
>> Estelle Weyl: And
then the animation is supposed to start.
And I don't know where the place
is that I'm supposed to click.
So we're just gonna go to
this test page right here.
And once the animation starts,
they all jump to the 200 pixels.
And then the one that says forwards and
both stays at the 100% mark.
So the 100% mark says yellow,
less 600 pixels, scale to rotate.
So the both and the forwards
are stuck on the 100% mark, and
then when it says none or
backwards, stays at these.
So let's actually just do this again,
I'm gonna run it again.
To run it again, I just change this,
okay, there's no shocks me.
Here, we have five seconds
while the delay expires.
And then, everything gonna
go to the 200 mark, be blue,
everything's gonna rotate and be green.
Just the both and
the forwards are gonna stay as yellow.
>> Estelle Weyl: At the start,
the none and the backwards and
the both,
both started at the 200 mark in blue.
Does that make sense to people?
>> Estelle Weyl: Okay,
and that was that slide.